1. A variant of Breakout that I found interesting is the Worms Breakout game. I think that the abundance of power-ups
    changes the game's dynamic quite a lot. With so much going on at a time the player has to decide between getting
    the power-up and potentially losing the ball, or not taking the risk and I think that is really cool.

2. I want to try to make a version of Breakout that has blocks in a layout that will allow for the ball to bounce a
    significant amount around to drop a lot of power-ups similar to the Worms game but instead of by breaking blocks
    they'll drop the more frequently the balls continuously bounce between the blocks without hitting the paddle.
    This would look like a lot of blocks on the bottom with less near the top of the screen so that the ball can bounce
    back and forth from the top of the screen down to the blocks a lot. As the levels go on it will be harder to keep
    the ball bouncing as many times as more holes will open up in the bottom layer of blocks.

3. There will be blocks that break instantly, some that break after being hit multiple times, with the number of hits
    to break the block on the block itself, and then some blocks that will break with a continuous string of hits
    (there will be a combo counter in the corner that will let the player know how close they are.

4. I want to create a multiple ball power-up, one that makes the paddle double in size, one that makes the paddle bounce
    the ball faster than normal, and then one that makes the bottom of the screen not drop the ball for a little bit of
    time.

5. I'll have cheat keys to put me on each level, but then also cheat keys to make sure that the combo counter is working
    as intended so that if the player gets up to the correct number of hits the blocks will break correctly.

6. I've already mentioned it before but the things that is unique I intend to put into the game is that combo counter of
    continuous bounces that will be hard to hard to keep up but as the player gets a higher and higher combo they will
    get not only significantly more points but also blocks will break faster. I think that this is substantial because
    it adds another layer of skill into the game of breakout which is fairly linear normally.